So we're gonna talk about
goals quickly here.
How's that for a slide transition?
I'm just keeping you guys on your feet.
When we talk about goals, and
I don't set as many goals in
my personal life as I should.
I mean, I'm usually just like a roll
with the punches kind of a gal.
But when we are talking about goals,
we like to talk about them as SMART goals.
So a goal, when we set it, for our team,
for ourselves, whatever the case may be,
it's gotta be specific,
it has to be measurable,
it has to be actually attainable,
something realistic.
So a goal, it's one thing to have a vision
of our security system in every house.
It's another thing to say, we have a goal
of our security system in every house,
cuz that's not reasonable, right?
We need to have a goal of like
move 100,000 units by the end
of Q4 or whatever.
It has to be relevant to the long-term
success of our team or organization, and
it has to be bound by a time constraint.
Okay?
Relevant, when it comes to content is
especially key, because so much of content
is just nice to have or kind of dumped
out there into the digital sphere.
So when we are talking about goals for
our digital products, websites,
mobile apps,
video interactive experiences etc,
we need to make sure that there's
that relevancy piece, okay?
All right, so a goal is an end
point then for your organization,
website, or product, okay?
This is my little acronym, which I should.
[LAUGH] I was like, there's no acronym for
this vision mission goal situation.
My friend was like, well, you can just do
this and then add the little umlaut over
the O, and you can pretend that
it's a foreign word, but it's not.
Okay, so
what I'd like to have you do is to sort
of see if you have this stuff in place.
I want to open it up to,
whether it's your organization,
if it is the team that you're working on,
or even if it's just for you personally
within the realm of your career.
All right, what is your ideal future
state, what do you exist to do?
And then do you know what
the goals are for 2018, okay?
If you haven't been handed these,
I would like to have you,
we're just gonna do five minutes on this.
I'd like to have you take five minutes and
sketch out some ideas, okay?
And it's whatever resonates
the most with you.
If it's for your team, if it's for a
project, if it's for your organization, or
if it's just for your career, I'd like you
to take a few minutes to sort of sketch
this out to start thinking
about this framework.
I'm gonna go back on this framework here.
Okay, so we're gonna start here.
Because it is in being able to identify
these things that's what gets us up
in the morning.
This is what brings meaning to our work.
This is what can and should fuel us.
This is what takes all of our objectives,
tactics, and
targets to the next level by integrating
them into something with larger meaning.